So let's start with looks.
The loyal face is the elder of the three detectives
You shouldn't hesitate.
Lift out the jade seal
This this oops
His Royal Highness
The old minister suddenly feels unwell
You're really old.
Then you just don't want to.
What about you?
As the Yellow Heart Kingdom, you are the son of the God of War
Naturally more willing
This is not necessary, is it?
His Royal Highness
Do I still need to do this myself?
I'll call a kid and let him come
I don't want you.
To reflect the loyalty of love
Didn't you just say that you would go through fire and water for the Tianjia?
Excuse me, I'll give you 10 numbers of time.
If you don't reach out
That is anti-Shiping Zun
All the golden world including you
After the powerful
All get out of the torrent with you
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
ten
OK
Bullshit loyalty
Shit goes through fire and water
You Qin Wei have royal blood flowing through your body
God's grace
It should have been everyone
The most loyal to the royal family
In fact, it's so unbearable that I can't accept it.
This is a frying pan
Boiling oil pan
If this goes on
Then I don't believe anyone can give birth